---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nutanixkps_node Resource - terraform-provider-nutanixkps"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `nutanixkps_node`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cloud_fqdn** (String) Cloud FQDN for this node
- **description** (String) Describe the node. For example, the main purpose or use case of the node.
- **gateway** (String) Gateway IPv4 address for this node
- **ip_address** (String) IPv4 address of this node
- **name** (String) Name of the node: 
				Name must include lowercase alphanumeric characters and must start and end with an lowercase alphanumeric character.
				Dash (-) and dot (.) characters are allowed as delimiters. Maximum length of 60 characters.
- **role** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Set the role as master or worker. Default setting is true to enable the role as master as well as worker. 
				Set to false to disable a role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--role))
- **serial_number** (String) Node serial number. Any alpha characters must be in all capitals.
- **service_domain_id** (String) Id of the service domain to which this node belongs
- **subnet** (String) Subnet mask for this node

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **is_bootstrap_master** (Boolean) Default setting is true. Set to false indicates this node is not a bootstrap master.
- **wait_for_onboarding** (Boolean) Default setting is false and the terraform provider does not wait for the node to be onboarded. 
				Set to true indicates that the terraform provider waits for the node to be onboarded.
- **wait_timeout_minutes** (Number) Wait timeout in minutes

<a id="nestedblock--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role`

Required:

- **master** (Boolean)
- **worker** (Boolean)


