---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nutanixkps_storageprofile Resource - terraform-provider-nutanixkps"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Describes a Karbon Platform Services Storage Profile.
---

# Resource `nutanixkps_storageprofile`

Describes a Karbon Platform Services Storage Profile.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **is_default** (Boolean) Default setting is true.
				Set to false indicates this storage profile is not the default profile for the service domain.
- **name** (String) Name of the service instance: Maximum length of 200 characters.
- **service_domain_id** (String) ID of the Service Domain to which this Storage Profile belongs.

### Optional

- **ebs_storage_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for the EBS type storage profile which uses the AWS EBS volumes as the backend storage for this profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ebs_storage_config))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **nutanix_volumes_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for the Nutanix AOS cluster storage which uses Nutanix Volumes as the backend storage for this profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nutanix_volumes_config))
- **type** (String) Type of the Storage Profile, auto-computed. No input required for this field.

<a id="nestedblock--ebs_storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ebs_storage_config`

Required:

- **iops_per_gb** (String) Input / output operations per second, measured in GB
- **type** (String) Type of the EBS volume. For example, gp2, gp3, io1, io2, st1, sc1

Optional:

- **encrypted** (String) Set to true if the data in the volume should be encrypted. By default this value is false.


<a id="nestedblock--nutanix_volumes_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nutanix_volumes_config`

Required:

- **data_services_ip** (String) IPv4 data services address used by Nutanix Volumes.
							Nutanix Volumes is a load-balanced iSCSI target storage feature of AOS.
							You can obtain this field value by logging in to the Nutanix Prism console.
							In the Prism web console, see Cluster Details to get the cluster data services IP address.
- **prism_element_cluster_vip** (String) This field sets a logical IP address for the cluster.
							You can obtain this field value by logging in to the Nutanix Prism console. 
							In the Prism web console, see Cluster Details to get the cluster virtual IP address.
- **prism_element_password** (String, Sensitive) Password for the Prism element cluster.
							You can obtain the credentials by contacting your Prism Element cluster administrator if you don't have them already.
- **prism_element_storage_container_name** (String) Name of the storage container: The maximum length is 75 characters.
							Allowed characters are uppercase and lowercase standard Latin letters (A-Z and a-z), Simplified Chinese, decimal digits (0-9), dots (.), hyphens (-), and underscores (_).
- **prism_element_username** (String) User name for the Prism element cluster.
							You can obtain the credentials by contacting your Prism Element cluster administrator if you don't have them already.

Optional:

- **data_services_port** (Number) Data services default port 3260.
- **flash_mode** (Boolean)
- **prism_element_cluster_port** (Number) Prism Element cluster default port 9440.


